# Harmony Privacy Policy

Harmony is run by Epistemic Infrastructure s.r.o., a limited corporation headquartered in Prague, the Czech Republic. By accepting this privacy policy, you consent to the things you tell the bot being collected and used for generating the bot’s responses as well as for additional purposes as explained below. You also consent to us gathering any other information that you explicitly provide us. You do not need to share any personal information that you are not comfortable sharing.

Harmony’s content development and some technical teams have access to logs of conversations with the bot, including the identities of the users. This information is used for improving the bot, better understanding the needs of various users, and troubleshooting any problems that may occur.

The bot uses artificial intelligence and natural language processing technology for purposes such as selecting or generating a response to what you have said. No information about you will be shared with any external organizations except for authorities where required by law. We will never sell your information for marketing purposes.

Several international and non-European organizations are involved in processing some of your data. Messages to and from the bot will be sent through either Discord or Slack, and the bot itself runs by making use of computing resources provided by Heroku. Some of the collected information is also stored on Heroku’s servers. The content of some of your messages is processed by OpenAI, whose artificial intelligence technology is used for generating responses to your messages. All of these services execute the EU’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfer and processing of information in third countries, ensuring appropriate safeguards for your information. We may also make use of other international and non-European services that execute the Standard Contractual Clauses.

For research purposes and further developing the model, the collected information will be stored for three years. Any data kept for longer than this will be anonymized. You have the right to request copies of data collected about you, rectify any erroneous data, and have any information collected about you destroyed. For such requests, please contact the **company’s data protection officer, VIKTORIE HAVLÍČKOVÁ.** If you are unhappy with the handling of your data, **you also have the right to lodge a complaint with The Office for Personal Data Protection,  Pplk. Sochora 27, 170 00 Praha 7, Czech Republic.**
